DOCS-3077: Add workflows link (#43)
tryretool/legal: enterprise-support-policy.md

| Priority Level | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | **Example Issues**                                                                       |
| ------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | **P0**             | An emergency condition which makes the continued use of any production use cases depending on the Services impossible or significantly impaired. The condition requires an immediate solution that is not already available to Customer. | All Authorized Users are locked out of the primary workspace of Retool.<br /><br />An important production [Retool Workflow](/workflows/index.mdx) is suddenly malfunctioning.                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **P0**             | An emergency condition which makes the continued use of any production use cases depending on the Services impossible or significantly impaired. The condition requires an immediate solution that is not already available to Customer. | All Authorized Users are locked out of the primary workspace of Retool.<br /><br />An important production [Retool Workflow](https://docs.retool.com/workflows) is suddenly malfunctioning.                  |
```
